Bug/83 Inceased connection timeout (#85)
exasol/exasol-testcontainers: doc/changes/changes_3.1.0.md

# Exasol Test Containers 3.1.0, released 2020-09-XX

Code name: Exasol 7.0.0 support

## Summary

This release adds support for Exasol 7.0.0

> From that version on Docker-DB changed the default ports.
> If you don't set the ports explicitly (using `withExposedPorts()`) this container will auto detect the ports.
> You can also access the internal ports directly using `getDefaultInternalBucketfsPort()` and `getDefaultInternalDatabasePort()`.
> 
> This version also marked the unused methods `withConnectTimeoutSeconds` and `withStartupTimeout` as such using an exception.
> 
> In addition this release changed updated the default image to 7.0.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this version of the Docker-DB, the default ports have changed.
If you don't set the ports explicitly (using `withExposedPorts()`) the container will auto detect the ports.
We have added two new methods to access internal ports directly using `getDefaultInternalBucketfsPort()` and `getDefaultInternalDatabasePort()`.

This version also marked the unused methods `withConnectTimeoutSeconds` and `withStartupTimeout`. Calling these methods throws an `UnsupportedOperation` exception.

In addition this release changed the default image version to 7.0.1.
```
